# fall2025-violet-grace
I am mostly planning to use a multi-page structure, though I may hybridize for the linked additional content on each page, depending on exactly how I decide that I would like to do that. The basic structure of each page will be similar, with some differences based on the specific content of each page.
For now, I have created pages for my home page, a character information list, and two prologue sections (Port Julep is also a prologue, but more detailed than the general prologue). Later, there will be new pages for new arcs, and potentially for individual chapters. Each page will have a link to the prologue, to the full dramatis personae page, to the index page, and to the page with the part of the story immediately preceding and immediately following the current page. The index will include links to all pages, acting as a sort of table of contents or, well, index.
I believe that my basic structure should be quite simple, but some of the features I'd like to include might be challenging to implement. There will also, I'm sure, be unexpected difficulties in developing parts of my structure and putting together style in a way that satisfies me.
New in 10/29 submission
I initially included the Incunabuli link as a placeholder and to test linking external sites, and has stayed because it contains a lot of information about the world the story I'm working to tell is set in and the rules of the game that they came from. I have been considering using it as inspiration for the style I'll use, though I may create something entirely unrelated as well.
My javascript setup populates the character information section on each page, allowing each group of characters to be easily attached to any page to which they are relevant. The setup document creating a couple of containers that I need, then each group of characters has its own .js file that creates the space where everything will go and has an array containing the information needed to populate it, then the char_list.js populates the characters from each array into the appropriate section. As far as I can tell, it's all working, but it's a little messy and I have a couple of ideas I'll experiment with to see if I have a cleaner way to run the system.
There is also a new html document, testing.html. I used this to test my javascript and make sure it was functional before making changes to any of my existing pages, to help make sure I didn't accidentally mess anything in them up. I will likely continue to use it for more or less this purpose moving forward, testing in this contained environment then moving whatever version I decide to implement into my other html.
I have also started creating a simple css style, and have it applied currently to the testing document as I mess around with it, but have thus far left it off of the main pages, keeping the line calling my css as a comment.
New in 11/12 submission
After being sick for much of the past few weeks, there is not an extreme amount of new progress in this update. Even so, my css is coming along well enough, and some animations were simple to integrate.
The style document I'm using is still overall quite simple, with colors slotted in still somewhat haphazardly, to make my shapes all clear. The layout has been the focus and, while simple, it is fully functional on my testing page. I haven't tried running it on one of my main pages and will have to set it up to also handle the footer, but that should be manageable.
There aren't a lot of animations I want, unless I decide to go for something much more complicated page transitions. For now, I have the main animation I expect to want, changing the color of the box around a link when a user hovers over it, fading to a different color once and staying that color until the user stops hovering. As far as I can tell, it's working just fine, and should be easily applied to any navigation links I want to use.
Sanitarium arc
I made the decision to switch from the Port Julep arc to the arc that followed it, the Sanitarium arc, as I had the page content for that closer to a finalized form. There were not any major changes necessitated by this shift in content, and when I have time it should be simple to add more content.
The style is based on the code provided by the professor, but some changes have been made. I decided to add links into the body of the text and formatted for those, making them a slightly different color, writing them in all caps, and having some space around them darken when hovered or clicked. More generally, I decided to adjust things slightly and aim for something resembling a newspaper from approximately the early 20th century, as that is the time that the setting is inspired by.
In the time since the last update, I also created javascript to allow the character list at the bottom of each page to be automatically populated, so that regular repeated element was easy to add.